azurerm_log_analytics_cluster - update the validation for size_gb (#17780)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/log_analytics_cluster.html.markdown

> * `size_gb` - (Optional) The capacity of the Log Analytics Cluster specified in GB/day. Defaults to 1000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `size_gb` - (Optional) The capacity of the Log Analytics Cluster is specified in GB/day. Possible values include `500`, `1000`, `2000` or `5000`. Defaults to `1000`.
```

Author: Updated

> ~> **NOTE:** The cluster capacity must start at 500 GB and can be set to 1000, 2000 or 5000 GB/day. For more information on cluster costs, see [Dedicate clusters](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/logs/cost-logs#dedicated-clusters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** For more information on cluster costs and capacity please see the [product documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/logs/cost-logs#dedicated-clusters).
```

Author: Updated
